Work Smarter with Microsoft Word Quizzes.

Week 1.
Navigating your account Video Question.

Thomas has logged into Microsoft 365 to update his profile.
Which of the following icons should he select to access his profile page?

Answer: Name Icon


Finding help and changing settings Video Question.
Which of the following settings can Thomas change by clicking the ‘Change your language’ link in the Settings task pane?
Check all that apply

Anwer(s):
-Time Zone
-Language 
-Data Format


Using Desktop Office Apps Video Question.
Thomas needs to add the Microsoft Office applications to his desktop. 
In which order should he perform the steps required to complete this task?

Answer: Select Install Office, save the OfficeSetup file and run the Setup Wizard.


Knowledge check: Get Started with Microsoft 365 Quiz.
Question 1.
Which of the following are automatically included in all 365 subscriptions?

Select all options that apply.
-One Terabyte of Cloud Storage
-Online versions of popular apps Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
-Messaging and Video Features

Question 2. 
If a client uses an older version of Office, such as Microsoft Office 2010, will you be able to open files that they send to you?
Answer: Yes, Office 365 is fully compatible with previous versions of Microsoft Office.

Question 3. 
Which of the following statements are true about Microsoft’s Cloud Storage?
Answer(s):
-OneDrive servers are stored in secure data centers.
-You can be confident that the data is stored under the legal requirements for the country you are in.

Question 4.
When you subscribe to Microsoft Office 365, how often must you connect to the internet so that your subscription can be verified?

Answer: 
Every 30 days

Question 5.
If you have the correct subscription, where can you find the link to download the desktop versions of the Office apps?

Answer: Click on the Install Office button on the top right corner of the Microsoft 365 Home screen.

Introduction to Word Video Question.
Grace needs to edit a paragraph within her document.
Where in the Microsoft Word interface can Grace find the commands to edit text?

Answer: Ribbon interface 
Why? The ribbon interface displays tab commands organized into groups which can be used to create and edit documents.

Introduction to Excel Video Question.
Grace is helping WestCal to track their finances using Excel. Can she use the formula bar to enter data into a cell?

Answer: Yes

Why? Yes, the formula bar can be used to enter data into a cell in Microsoft Excel.

Introduction to PowerPoint Video Question.
Grace is creating a presentation using PowerPoint. She needs to change the name of her presentation. What part of the interface can Grace use to change the presentation name?

Answer: Title bar

Introduction to Outlook Video Question. 
Grace needs to delete some of her emails in Outlook. Can she perform this task using the Editing Pane?

Answer: Yes

Why? Yes, the options in the editing pane let users delete, move and archive emails.

Optional: Introduction to Access, Publisher, and OneNote Video Question.
Which of the following statements are true about Microsoft Office applications? Check all that apply.

Answer(s):
-Microsoft OneNote is used to gather content in, and share it from, one location.
Why? OneNote is Microsoft’s note taking program that can be used to gather many types of content into one location and share your notes.

-Microsoft Publisher is used to create professional digital content.
Why? Microsoft Publisher is the Microsoft publishing application that allows you to create professional digital content.

-Microsoft Access is a database application designed to enter, edit and analyze data.
Why? 
Microsoft Access is Microsoft’s database application which is designed to enter, edit, and analyze data. Access can also generate reports based on the data in the database.

Knowledge check: Office 365 applications Quiz.
Question 1.
If the data you are working with is mostly financial information and you know that you will want to be able to work out totals and other calculations, which of the Microsoft Office apps will you be using?

Answer: Excel
Why? Microsoft Excel is Microsoft’s spreadsheet program designed to handle large amounts of numeric data such as financial information. With Excel, you can create many types of calculations from simple to complex. You can also display the data visually using features such as Charts.

Question 2.
If you are using Microsoft Outlook which of the following elements are available to you?
Select all options that apply.

Answer(s):
-A Calendar
Why? Correct! The Calendar in Microsoft Outlook allows you to keep track of appointments. You can use Outlook to manage one calendar or multiple calendars. You can also share your calendar with others or access calendars that colleagues have shared with you.

-Email
Why?
Correct! Email is one of the primary features offered by Outlook. You can use Outlook to manage incoming and outgoing mail for one mailbox or several different mailboxes.

-A Task Organizer
Why? Microsoft Outlook also contains a Tasks feature that allows you to control and manage your to-do list. You can delegate or share tasks with others.


Question 3.
You are using PowerPoint to create a presentation for an important meeting. Which of the following elements can you include? 

Select all options that apply.
Answer(s):
-Sound
Why? PowerPoint presentations can include individual sound files. 

-Embedded Videos
Why? All types of images can be included in a PowerPoint presentation. The program also allows for pictures to be edited or modified in many ways to make them more suitable content.


Question 4.
Which of the following statements are true about Microsoft Access?

Select all options that apply.
Answer(s):
-You can generate reports on your data in Microsoft Access.

Why? Correct! You can generate many different types of reports in Access. Some of them could be as simple as a complete list of addresses. Other reports could summarize and analyze data across different countries and time periods. The possibilities are endless.

-Microsoft Access is a database program.
Why? Microsoft Access is Microsoft’s database application. You can use it to enter, edit, and analyze large volumes of data. 

Question 5.
Which screen element do all the Office 365 apps have in common?

Answer: The Title Bar

Optional: Introduction to Microsoft Teams Video Question.
Thomas has familiarized himself with Microsoft Teams and has started using it to communicate with his colleagues. Which of the following actions can he perform using the service? Check all that apply.

Answer(s):
-Download the Microsoft Teams desktop app from the sidebar.
Why?
The download button for the desktop app is available from the sidebar.

-Begin a new chat using the Chat Icon.
Why? Select the Chat icon to start a new chat with someone from your Teams contact list.

-Access the calendar using the sidebar.
Why? The sidebar can be used to access a range of features, including the calendar. 

Introduction to OneDrive Video Question. 

Thomas has opened OneDrive to refamiliarize himself with the service.
Which of the following actions can he perform? Check all that apply
Answer(s):
-Enter the Microsoft app launcher from the Title bar.
Why? The Microsoft app launcher is accessible from the Title bar.

-Download the OneDrive desktop app.
Why? The OneDrive desktop app can be downloaded from the sidebar.

-Open his Microsoft 365 profile from the Title bar.
Why? OneDrive users can open their Microsoft 365 profiles from the Title bar.

-Access folders from the Navigation pane.
Why? The Navigation pane offers access to folders, files and shared libraries.

Knowledge check: Office 365 Services 
Question 1.

When using Teams, how many teams can you be part of? 
Answer: Unlimited 

Why? You can be part of as many teams as you like, joining or leaving different teams as you need.

Question 2. 
You have created a private team and added four colleagues as team members. Who has access to the team content?

Answer: Only you and the four colleagues that you have added to the team.

Why? 
Correct! Because you have created the team as a private team, the chat and its content are accessible to invited users only.

Question 3. 
Which symbol do you use in the search box in Teams when you are searching for a Contact's name?

Answer: @
Why? Use the @ symbol to search for a contact.

Question 4.
Which of the following statements are true about OneDrive? 
Select all options that apply.

Answer(s):
-OneDrive is a cloud-based service.
Why?
Correct! OneDrive is cloud-based storage accessed through the internet.

-You can use OneDrive to access shared libraries and individual files that colleagues have shared with you.
Why?
Not quite. In the navigation pane on the left-hand side of the OneDrive screen, there is a Shared Files section that shows any files or folders that have been shared with you.

Question 5.
Which of the following icons represents OneDrive?

Answer: 
See Screenshots Week 1. 1. 

Add and organize files in OneDrive Video Question.
Grace has begun uploading files to WestCal’s OneDrive for Business account. Which of the following actions can she perform with the files? Check all that apply.

Answer(s):
-Upload files using the Upload button in the OneDrive window.
Why? Uploading files using the Upload button in the OneDrive window is just one of several methods for transferring files to OneDrive for Business.

-Copy a file link using the organization commands at the top of the file list.
Why? The organization commands at the top of the file list can be used to copy file links, alongside a range of other actions.

-Create files in OneDrive using Office applications in Office Online.
Why? Users of OneDrive for Business can create files using Office Online via OneDrive.

Collaborate using OneDrive Video Question.
Thomas needs to share documents on OneDrive for Business with a client and several colleagues. In what sequence should he complete the steps to share these documents?

Answer: 
Select the target files, click Share, add recipient names, then click Send.

Why? This is the correct sequence of steps for sharing documents over OneDrive for Business.











