Week 1. Neural networks intuition
 
See Screenshots 1. Practise Quiz Neural networks intuition Part 1

Question 1. 
Which of these are terms used to refer to components of an artificial neural network? (hint: three of these are correct)

Answer(s):
-layers
-neurons 
-activation function


Question 2. 
True/False? Neural networks take inspiration from, but do not very accurately mimic, how neurons in a biological brain learn.

Answer: True

More complex neural networks
Video Question 1. 
Can you fill in the superscripts and subscripts for the second neuron?

See Screenshots Week 1. 1. 

Answer: 
a2[3]=g(w2[3]⋅a[2]+b2[3])

Where w and a are vectors. 

Practise Quiz: Neural Network Model

Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 1. 3.
Practice Quiz Neural Network Model Q1

For a neural network, what is the expression for calculating the activation of the third neuron in layer 2? 
Note, this is different from the question that you saw in the lecture video.

Answer: a3[2]=g(w3[2]⋅a[1]+b3[2])

Where w and a are vectors. 

Question 2. 
See Screenshots Week 1. 4.
Practice Quiz Neural Network Model Q2
For the handwriting recognition task discussed in lecture, what is the output a1[3]?

Answer: The estimated probability that the input image is of a number 1, a number that ranges from 0 to 1.


Practise quiz: TensorFlow implementation 

Question 1. 
For the the following code:

model = Sequential([

 Dense(units=25, activation="sigmoid"),

 Dense(units=15, activation="sigmoid"),

 Dense(units=10, activation="sigmoid"),

 Dense(units=1, activation="sigmoid")])
This code will define a neural network with how many layers?

Answer: 4

Question 2.
See Screenshots Week 1. 3. Practise Quiz TensorFlow implementation Q2

How do you define the second layer of a neural network that has 4 neurons and a sigmoid activation?

Answer: Dense(units=4, activation=‘sigmoid’)


Question 3. 

See Screenshots Week 1. 4. Practise Quiz TensorFlow implementation Q3
If the input features are temperature (in Celsius) and duration (in minutes), how do you write the code for the first feature vector x shown above?
Answer: 

x = np.array([[200.0, 17.0]])

Practice quiz: Neural network implementation in Python
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 1. 6. Practice quiz: Neural Network implementation in Python

According to the lecture, how do you calculate the activation of the third neuron in the first layer using NumPy?

Answer: 
z1_3 = np.dot(w1_3, x) + b1_3
a1_3 = sigmoid(z1_3)

Question 2. 
See Screenshots Week 1. 7. Practice quiz: Neural Network implementation in Python Q2
According to the lecture, when coding up the numpy array W, where would you place the w parameters for each neuron?

Answer: In the columns of W. 


Question 3. 
See Screenshots Week 1. 8. Practice quiz: Neural Network implementation in Python Q3
For the code above in the "dense" function that defines a single layer of neurons, how many times does the code go through the "for loop"? Note that W has 2 rows and 3 columns.

Answer: 3 times

Matrix multiplication rules.
Video Question. 

See Screenshots Week 1. 9.
Can you calculate the value at row 2, column 3?

Answer: (-1 x 7) + (-2 x 8) = -23

Week 2. 
Practice Quiz: Neural Network Traning 

Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 2. 1. Q1 Practise Quiz Neural Network Training 

For which type of task would you use the binary cross entropy loss function?
Answer: binary classification (classification with exactly 2 classes)


Question 2. 
See Screenshots Week 2. 2. Q2 Practise Quiz Neural Network Training 
Which line of code updates the network parameters in order to reduce the cost?

Answer: model.fit(X,y,epochs=100)


Practice Quiz: Activation Functions
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 2. 3. Practice quiz Activation Functions

Which of the following activation functions is the most common choice for the hidden layers of a neural network?


Answer: ReLU (reftified linear unit)
Question 2.
See Screenshots Week 2.4. Practice Quiz Activation Functions Q2

For the task of predicting housing prices, which activation functions could you choose for the output layer? 
Choose the 2 options that apply.

Answer(s): linear, ReLU


Question 3
True/False? A neural network with many layers but no activation function (in the hidden layers) is not effective; that’s why we should instead use the linear activation function in every hidden layer. 

Answer(s): False

Softmax Video Question. 
See Screenshots Week 2.5.
What do you think a4 is equal to?

Answer: 0.35

Practice Quiz: Multiclass Classification
Question 1. 

See Screenshots Week 2.6.

For a multiclass classification task that has 4 possible outputs, the sum of all the activations adds up to 1. 
For a multiclass classification task that has 3 possible outputs, the sum of all the activations should add up to ….

Answer: 1

Question 2.

See Screenshots Week 2.7.

For multiclass classification, the cross entropy loss is used for training the model. If there are 4 possible classes for the output, 
and for a particular training example, the true class of the example is class 3 (y=3), then what does the cross entropy loss simplify to? 
[Hint: This loss should get smaller when a_3 gets larger.]

Answer: -log(a_3)

Question 3.
For multiclass classification, the recommended way to implement softmax regression is to set from_logits=True
in the loss function, and also to define the model's output layer with…

See Screenshots Week 2.8.

Answer: a "linear" activation

Practice Quiz: Additional Neural Network Concepts 
Question 1. 

See Screenshots Week 2. 9.

The Adam optimizer is the recommended optimizer for finding the optimal parameters of the model. How do you use the Adam optimizer in TensorFlow?

Answer: When calling model.compile, set optimizer=tf.keras.optimizers.Adam(learning_rate=1e-3).

Question 2.
See Screenshots Week 2. 10.

The lecture covered a different layer type where each single neuron of the layer does not look at all the values of the input vector that is
fed into that layer. What is this name of the layer type discussed in lecture?

Answer: convolutional layer

Week 3. 
Practice Quiz: Advice for applying machine learning 
Question 1. 

In the context of machine learning, what is a diagnostic?

Answer: A test that you run to gain insight into what is/isn’t working with a learning algorithm.

Question 2. 

True/False? It is always true that the better an algorithm does on the training set, the better it will do on generalizing to new data. 

Answer: False


Question 3. 
See Week 3. 1. Practice Quiz Advice for Machine Learning Q3
For a classification task; suppose you train three different models using three different neural network architectures. 
Which data do you use to evaluate the three models in order to choose the best one? 

Answer: The cross validation set 


Practice Quiz: Bias and Variance 
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 3. 1. Practice Quiz Bias and Variance

If the model's cross validation error Jcv is much higher thant the training error Jtrain, this is 
an indication that the model has...

Answer: high variance 


Question 2.

See Screenshots Week 3. 2. Practice Quiz Bias and Variance Q2

Which of these is the best way to determine whether your model has high bias (has underfit the training data)?

Answer: 
Compare the training error to the baseline level of performance.


Question 3. 
See Screenshots Week 3. 3. Practice Quiz Bias and Variance Q3

You find that your algorithm has high bias. Which of these seem like good options for improving the algorithm’s performance? 
Hint: two of these are correct. 

Answer(s):
-Collect additional features or add polynomial features 
-Decrease the regularization parameter 
λ (lambda).

Question 4. 

You find that your algorithm has a training error of 2%, and a cross validation error of 20% (much higher than the training error).
Based on the conclusion you would draw about whether the algorithm has a high bias or high variance problem, which of these seem like good options
for improving the algorithm’s performance? Hint: two of these are correct. 

Answer(s): 
-Collect more training data. 
-Increase the regularization parameter  
λ.

Practise Quiz: Machine Learning development process
Question 1. 

See Screenshots Week 3. 4. Practice Quiz Machine Learning Development Process Q1

Which of these is a way to do error analysis?

Answer: Manually examine a sample of the training examples that the model misclassified in order to identify common traits and trends. 


Question 2. 
See Screenshots Week 3. 4. Practice Quiz Machine learning development process Q2

We sometimes take an existing training example and modify it (for example, by rotating an image slightly)
to create a new example with the same label. What is this process called?

Answer: Data augmentation 


Question 3. 
See Screenshots Week 3. 4. Practice Quiz Machine learning development process Q3

What are two possible ways to perform transfer learning? Hint: two of the four choices are correct.

Answer(s):
-You can choose to train all parameters of the model, including the output layers, as well as the earlier layers.
-You can choose to train just the output layers' parameters and leave the other parameters of the model fixed.


Week 4. 
Practice Quiz: Decision trees
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 4. 1. Practice Quiz Machine learning development process Q1

Based on the decision tree shown in the lecture, if an animal has floppy ears, a round face shape and has whiskers,
does the model predict that it's a cat or not a cat?

Answer: cat

Question 2. 
See Screenshots Week 4. 2. Practice Quiz Machine learning development process Q2

Take a decision tree learning to classify between spam and non-spam email. There are 20 training examples at the root note,
comprising 10 spam and 10 non-spam emails. If the algorithm can choose from among four features, resulting in four corresponding splits,
which would it choose (i.e., which has highest purity)? 

Answer: Left split: 10 of 10 emails are spam. Right split: 0 of 10 emails are spam. 

Practice Quiz: Decision tree learning 
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 4. 3. Practice quiz Decision Tree Learning Q1

Recall that entropy was defined in lecture as H(p_1) = - p_1 log_2(p_1) - p_0 log_2(p_0),
where p_1 is the fraction of positive examples and p_0 the fraction of negative examples. 

At a given node of a decision tree, , 6 of 10 examples are cats and 4 of 10 are not cats. Which expression calculates the entropy 
H(p1) of this group of 10 animals?

Answer: −(0.6)log2(0.6)−(0.4)log2(0.4)

Question 2.
See Screenshots Week 4. 4. Practice quiz Decision Tree Learning Q2

Recall that information was defined as follows: 
Answer: H(p1root) - (wleft*H(p1left)+wright*H(piright))

Before a split, the entropy of a group of 5 cats and 5 non-cats is 
H(5/10). After splitting on a particular feature, a group of 7 animals (4 of which are cats) has an entropy of 
H(4/7). The other group of 3 animals (1 is a cat) and has an entropy of 
H(1/3). What is the expression for information gain?

Answer: H(0.5)−(7/10*H(4/7)+3/10*H(1/3))

Question 3.

See Screenshots Week 4. 5. Practice quiz Decision Tree Learning Q3
To represent 3 possible values for the ear shape, you can define 3 features for ear shape: pointy ears, floppy ears, oval ears. For an animal whose ears are not pointy, not floppy, but are oval, how can you represent this information as a feature vector?

Answer: [0,0,1]

Question 4.
See Screenshots Week 4. 6. Practice quiz Decision Tree Learning Q4

For a continuous valued feature (such as weight of the animal), there are 10 animals in the dataset. According to the lecture, what is the recommended way to find the best split for that feature?

Answer: Choose the 9 mid-points between the 10 examples as possible splits,
and find the split that gives the highest information gain.


Question 5

Which of these are commonly used criteria to decide to stop splitting? (Choose two.)

Answer(s):
-When the number of examples in a node is below a threshold
-When the tree has reached a maximum depth


Practice Quiz: Tree ensembles
Question 1. 
See Screenshots Week 4. 7. Practice Quiz Decision Trees Q1

For the random forest, how do you build each individual tree so that they are not all identical to each other?

Answer: 
Sample the training data with replacement.


Question 2. 
You are choosing between a decision tree and a neural network for a classification task where the input x
is a 100x100 resolution image. Which would you choose?

Answer: A neural network, because the input is unstructured data and neural
networks typically work better with unstructured data.

Question 3.
What does sampling with replacement refer to?

Answer: 
Drawing a sequence of examples where, when picking the next example, first replacing all previously drawn examples into the set we are picking from. 


 







